hello boys and girls or whatever my name
is Captain Jack Sparrow ah I take it
some of you heard of me as you may we'll
know there are times almost constantly
in fact where I prefer to look at the
world to the bottom of the glass rub
something like this
may have also heard whisperings and
rumors that Jack Sparrow be recruiting a
crew to undertake a voyage Fountain of
Youth not sure of course not
but even if it weren't not true you
wouldn't be interested in joining me
would you
hey death lies before us as we sail
to the Fountain of Youth
you could guide an expedition
you are Jack Sparrow
there should be a captain in there so I
hear a ruler
Jack Sparrow's hell-bent to find the
Fountain of Youth dog Leah for Jackie
the fountain will test you was that
really necessary
gentlemen
fountain is the prize Mermaid Waters
that be our path steady as she goes
what's your play Jack
I thought I should give you warning
we're taking the ship it's nothing
personal you much better off you just
stay out of it
there be dangers along the way firstly
mermaids zombies Blackbeard the pirate
all pirates fear
if I do not make it to the fountain
neither will you
ah is that it Thanks
yes we gun again
are we not king's man how is it we can
never meet without you pointing
something at me there's the jack I know
you know that feeling you getting you're
standing in a high place sudden there's
two jump
I don't have it
did everyone see that because I will not
be doing it again